vec_abs<-c("ROMEO: He jests at scars that never felt a wound. But,soft! what light through yonder window breaks? It is the east, and Juliet is the sun. Arise, fair sun, and kill the envious moon, Who is already sick and pale with grief, That thou her maid art far more fair than she: Be not her maid, since she is envious£»Her vestal livery is but sick and green And none but fools do wear it; castit off. It is my lady, O, it is my love! O, that she knew she were! She speaks yet she says nothing: what of that? Her eye discourses, I will answer it. I am too bold, 'tis not to me she speaks: Two of the fairest stars in all the heaven, Having some business, do entreat her eyes To twinklein their spheres till they return. What if her eyes were there, they in her head? The brightness of her cheek would shame those stars, As daylight doth a lamp; her eyes in heavenWould through the airy region stream so bright That birds would sing and think it were not night. See, how she leans her cheek upon her hand! O, that I were a glove upon that hand, That I might touch that cheek!" ,

            "JULIET: Ay me! ",
            
            "ROMEO: She speaks: O, speak again, bright angel!for thou art As glorious to this night, being o'er my head As is a winged messenger of heaven Unto the white-upturned wondering eyes Of mortals that fall back to gazeon himWhen he bestrides the lazy-pacing clouds And sails upon the bosomof the air. ",
            
            "JULIET: O Romeo, Romeo! whereforeart thou Romeo? Deny thy father and refuse thy name; Or, if thou wilt not£¬be but sworn my love, And I'll no longer be a Capulet.",
            
            "ROMEO: Shall I hear more, or shall I speak at this?",
            
            "JULIET:  'Tisbut thy name that is my enemy; Thou art thyself, though not a Montague. What's Montague? it is nor hand, nor foot, Nor arm, nor face, nor any other part Belonging to a man. O, be some other name! What's in a name? that which we call a roseBy any other name would smell as sweet; So Romeo would, were he not Romeo call'd, Retain that dear perfection which he owes Without that title. Romeo, doffthy name, And for that name which is no part of thee Take all myself.",
            
            "ROMEO: I take thee at thy word: Call me but love, and I'll be new baptized, HenceforthI never will be Romeo. ",
           
            "JULIET: What man art thou that thus bescreen'din night So stumblest on my counsel? ",

           "ROMEO: By a nameI know not haw to tell thee who I am: My name, dear saint, is hateful to myself, Because it is an enemy to thee, Had I it written,I would tear the word. ",
           
           "JULIET: My ears have not yet drunk a hundred words Of that tongue's utterance, yet I know the sound:Art thou not Romeo and a Montague? ",
           
           "ROMEO: Neither, fair saint, if either thee dislike. ",
           
           "JULIET: How camest thou hither, tell me, and wherefore? The orchard walls are high and hard to climb, And the place death, considering who thou art, If any of my kinsmen find thee here.",
         
           "ROMEO: With love's light wings did I o'er-perch these walls, For stonylimits cannot hold love out,And what love can do that dares love attempt; Therefore thy kinsmen are no let to me. ",
           
           "JULIET: If they do see thee, they will murder thee.",
           
           "ROMEO: Alack, there lies more peril in thineeye Than twenty of their swords: look thou but sweet, And I am proof against their enmity. ",
           
           "JULIET: I would not for the world they saw thee here.",
           
           "ROMEO: I have night's cloak to hide me from their sight;And but thou love me, let them find me here: My life were better ended by their hate, Than death prorogued, wanting of thy love. ",
           
           "JULIET: By whose direction found'st thou out this place? ",
           
           "ROMEO: By love, who first did prompt me to inquire; He lent me counsel and I lent him eyes. I am no pilot; yet, wert thou as far As that vast shore wash'd with the farthest sea, I would adventure for such merchandise. ",
           
           "JULIET: Thou know'st the mask of night is on my face, Else would a maiden blush bepaint my cheek For that which thou hast heard me speak to-night Fain would I dwell on form, fain, fain deny What I have spoke: but farewellcompliment£¡Dost thou love me? I know thou wilt say'Ay,' And I will take thy word,yet if thou swear'st,Thou mayst prove false; at lovers'perjuriesThen say,Jove laughs. O gentle Romeo, If thou dost love, pronounce it faithfully: Or if thou think'st I am too quickly won,I'll frown and be perverse an say thee nay, So thou wilt woo; but else, not for the world. In truth, fair Montague, I am too fond, And therefore thou mayst think my'havior light: But trust me, gentleman, I'll prove more true Than those that have more cunning to be strange. I should have been more strange,I must confess, But that thou overheard'st, ereI was ware, My true love's passion:therefore pardon me, And not impute this yielding to light love, Which the dark night hath so discovered.",
           
           "ROMEO: Lady,by yonder blessed moon I swear That tips with silver all these fruit-tree tops.",
           
           "JULIET: O, swear not by the moon, the inconstant moon, That monthly changes in her circled orb, Lest that thy love prove likewise variable."
          
           )           
          
           
           
           
           
           
          
           
           

#Create a corpus & Term Document Matrix

library(NLP)
library(tm)
library(SnowballC)

abs      = Corpus(VectorSource(vec_abs))
abs_dtm  = DocumentTermMatrix(abs, control = list(
  stemming = TRUE, stopwords = TRUE, minWordLength = 3,
  removeNumbers = TRUE, removePunctuation = TRUE))

dim(abs_dtm)
inspect(abs_dtm)


#Find the words that occur more than 3 times
findFreqTerms(abs_dtm, 3)

#Remove sparse terms
removeSparseTerms(abs_dtm, 0.5)
inspect(removeSparseTerms(abs_dtm, 0.5))


#HW5.1 do a word cloud for Shakesspeare¡¯s dramas. Romeo and Julia, Julius Caesar, Hamlet.

library(ggplot2) 
library(RColorBrewer)
library(wordcloud)

freq = colSums(as.matrix(abs_dtm))   
wf   = data.frame(word=names(freq), freq=freq)   

dark2 = brewer.pal(6, "Dark2")   
wordcloud(names(freq), freq, max.words=100, rot.per=0.2, colors=dark2) 


#HW5.2 calculate the histogram of words
plot = ggplot(subset(wf, freq>1), aes(word, freq))    
plot = plot + geom_bar(stat="identity")   
plot = plot + theme(axis.text.x=element_text(angle=45, hjust=1))   
plot  


